pkg-4.36 (#21394)
docker/docker.github.io: content/manuals/desktop/setup/install/enterprise-deployment/pkg-install-and-configure.md

---
title: Use the PKG installer
description: Understand how to use the PKG installer. Also explore additional configuration options.
keywords: PKG, mac, docker desktop, install, deploy, configure
weight: 20
params:
  sidebar:
    badge:
      color: violet
      text: EA
---

> > [!NOTE]
> >
> > The PKG installer is currently an [Early Access](/manuals/release-lifecycle.md) feature and is available to all company and organization owners with a Business subscription and Docker Desktop version 4.36 and later.

Reviewer: We have the `restricted` shortcode for these

```suggestion
{{% restricted title="Early Access" %}}
The PKG installer is currently an [Early Access](/manuals/release-lifecycle.md) feature and is available to all company and organization owners with a Business subscription and Docker Desktop version 4.36 and later.
{{% /restricted %}}
```
